How to ensure the quality of software system

QA is of great importance to a softare system and we need to pay attention on how to ensure the 
quality of software system. In this article, I want to take diandian as the target system to explain 
why it is important.

Overall, QA is different from Defect and QA is focusing on correctness aspact of Quality. Dealing with
defect is one job for QA. As to Diandian app, we must consider the impact on costumers of the functions
before the production release. when developing this app, the functions realization must be considered 
and the stabity and robustness are important. In a word, many things need to be considered to ensure the
quality of software system. I want to explain three main aspects of quality assurance from my point of 
view.

1.Do good inspection

  Throughout the software process
      Coding phase: code inspection
      Design phase: design inspection
      Inspection in other phases and at transitions from one phase to another
  Many different software artifacts
      program code, typically
      requirement/design/other documents
      charts/models/diagrams/tables/etc
  As Diandian is a app of helping users to remember words, it is a must to do specific inspection during
  reuirement and coding phase. Make sure all the functions works correctly and accurately.
  
2.Defect dectations and preventions
  
  What is defect? Defect are errors, faults and failures, and finding them means a lot to ensure system 
  quality. Defect dectations and preventions are key QA activities. Making specific defect control plan
  is quite good for defect dectations and preventions. Finding source code error or skeleton error of the
  system can help QAs to ensure the quality of the system.

3.Make a good test plan

  Quality should be built in throughout the development life cycle rather than tested in at the end of a 
  project. This is also an important part of the agile development process which we can use when making
  the app of Diandian app. We test what we do, whether it’s design, code, or documentation, early 
  and often so that defects are found while the work is still fresh in people’s minds and before the defects 
  can become too deeply embedded in the software.
  
The content above is my view of how to ensure the quality of software system.
  
